Daddy
ni
It is the main race eleventh race of Funabashi horse racing today
Local type is Super Sprint Series Final
3rd Luka Shino Kiratto sprint s 3
Heavy award distance of local exchange throughout the country is 1000m
It is speed game of one turn
Frame containing No. 10, such as jitter early Robusto will head in the future gate
No hot water supply gate
Love Mechan is the sixth gate of this competition
It is settled
Perley Robst fit and framed
I was able to get started but I was not able to handle id 6 power
Good dash lined with starboard from outside the Sparrow beat from No. 6 Rabumi Chang out
To go
Marked the 10th Early Robbst Now the fourth building in front of the 4th building is almost a horizontal line
Do you have a 4th Abe standing behind it and there is a slight difference in the back group or the 2nd Tamamokkoto
Catching up from d pan and outside if going up in the back in the third Tohoku beauty No. 5 go
It is Adin Power , Princess 8th Genhime
The front is 3 corners
I 'm here in the battle Love Me Chan out Sparrow beat, but second
Starboard follows from the outside, and the 7th deep hunt approaching the 3 previous to the open sea
After I went to Oohara Ojimi power straight line is the battle is Love Me Chan proudly
I cut 200 for a lead of 4 horses 5 horses with a subscription to no tea
It is love me chan
From hitting the Anta safety line and the second fastest 7th dp of No. 5 from No. 2 ball mosque's Wort
Aidin Power Coming Up Aidin Power Second Coming Squad
Love Me Chan 3 years or goal
Your wonderful Love Me Chan has been the third consecutive victory since the creation of this competition
I am buying No. 6 Love Me Chan
Really smoothly come out of the weather group
The second show in Love Me Chan showed off its speed 7 deep
I was stuck with the version well and the 5th Aidin Power lined up with this, but the 7th
Deep Hunt and the fifth mistress or Wakore fight for the second
The second Tamamakoto who has grown sharply but is slightly behind this battle
Fourth hand fifth fastest middle is the starboard won for the No. 6 Rabumi Chang
Even in the third consecutive victory of this competition , I responded to the popularity very well
Collection when we want to protect today 's dark place
Continued in the 7th deep edition and 5th Aydin Power 2nd battle
Please have a heavy snow so that you do not take your hand until you purchased the winners voting ticket order of finish refund finalized
We kept you waiting Funabashi horse racing 11th race
We will inform you of the amount of money to refund win formula
6 size 100 Taoyuan compound victory style 1 wear
6th
Customer to Yatsunoen
Et al book
Inverted 70 yen Tripod 5 size 100 double en 9th consecutive victory double type
6 et al Naa
570 yen ordinary horse number continuous victory double type
6 to 7
500 yen wide
Approximately 80 yen
5th 6th 140 yen
5th 7th
480 yen frame number continuous winning single type
6 rana
680 yen horse number continuous victory single type
6 to 7
60030 yen 3 consecutive wins double type
5th 6 7 don
670 yen 3 consecutive wins single type
The sixth seven fifth five 11,840 yen
that's all